MAGENTO2-372: exposed getCustomer method in checkCart (#46)
shopgate/cart-integration-magento2-base: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/) and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

## [Unreleased]
### Added

> - support for including customer data in check cart response by exposing the getCustomer method in checkCart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- support for including customer data in cart validation by exposing the getCustomer method in checkCart
```

Reviewer: check_cart it a rather technical term for an API action that most merchants never heard of.

Author: done
